I'm just not that good with people
there's one thing I'm good at
[Music]
mission was to find out what they knew
click that's kind of difficult now that
you killed everyone
I just don't think you're cut out for
the intelligence this is your last shot
oh my god you have jelly all over your
face I'm definitely posting that on
insta is it too late to home-school me
are you CIA
oh okay might be streaming if Kim finds
out we got made by nine year old my
career's over
what's the option kill her make it look
like an accident
maybe the stairs what Wow still recorded
we can cut a deal I want you to teach me
how to be a spy just to be clear this is
a one-time arrangement never again
shooting horse try to walk away from the
explosion a lie-detector test I can
smell a lie endorphins released ánotá
and the ultimate el slightest blink of
an eye like this I admire all of your
tattoos no JJ I believe he is that
you've never taken steroids damn she's
good when you look out there what do you
see 90 civilians minimal security
software meter smiling people having fun
he's excited sometime
Marty
[Applause]
the objective of this exercise is to get
past me a good idea might be to cause
the distraction because otherwise
there'd be zero chance of you
[Music]
what is he doing looks like the wedding
at the end of Shrek
[Music]